= Example REST Web Service API Guide
:doctype: book
:toc:
:sectanchors:
:sectlinks:
:toclevels: 4
:source-highlighter: highlightjs


[[page-title]]
== Persons

The Persons resources is used to create and list persons

[[person-list]]
=== List persons
A `GET` request will list all of the service's persons.

==== Example request
include::{generated}/person-list-example/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{generated}/person-list-example/http-response.adoc[]


[[person-by-id]]
=== Get one person by id
Retrieves 1 specific person by their id.

==== Example request
include::{generated}/person-by-id-example/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{generated}/person-by-id-example/http-response.adoc[]


[[person-list-by-lastname]]
=== Get person(s) by their last name
Retrieves one or more persons by the last name

==== Example request
include::{generated}/person-list-by-lastname/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{generated}/person-list-by-lastname/http-response.adoc[]

'''

[[resources-hobby]]
== Hobbies

[[get-hobby-by-id]]
=== Get hobby by id
Retrieves one specific hobby by id

==== Example request
include::{generated}/get-hobby-by-id/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{generated}/get-hobby-by-id/http-response.adoc[]


[[get-hobby-by-name]]
=== Get hobby by its name
Retrieves hobby/hobbies by its name

==== Example request
include::{generated}/get-hobbies-by-name/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{generated}/get-hobbies-by-name/http-response.adoc[]

'''

[[resources-personalhobby]]
== Personal Hobbies

[[get-personalhobbies-by-name]]
=== Get personal hobby/hobbies by its name
Retrieves personal hobby/hobbies by its name

==== Example request
include::{generated}/get-personalhobbies-by-name/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{generated}/get-personalhobbies-by-name/http-response.adoc[]


[[get-personalhobbies-by-hobbyid]]
=== Get personal hobby/hobbies by its id
Retrieves personal hobby/hobbies by its id

==== Example request
include::{generated}/get-personalhobbies-by-hobbyid/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{generated}/get-personalhobbies-by-hobbyid/http-response.adoc[]